[Music]
this Japanese method will help you
quickly lose weight this day has finally
comes a Japanese actor named Mickey
ryousuke
recently discovered an incredible method
to lose weight very quickly this unique
technique helped him lose twenty eight
point seven pounds and four point seven
inches from his waist in just a few
weeks this impressive result was a
side-effect of a back pain relief
exercise prescribed to him by a doctor
here's another good point the exercise
takes only two minutes a day let's give
it a shot to understand how it might
help you there is a little bonus at the
end of the video don't miss it first
let's see how it works ryousuke called
it a long breath diet the technique
consists of assuming a certain position
taking a three-second breath and then a
strong seven second exhalation most
European doctors support the use of
breathing exercises for weight loss and
explain their effectiveness as follows
that consists of oxygen carbon and
hydrogen when the oxygen you breathe in
reaches the fat cells
it's listened in to carbon and water
therefore the more oxygen your body uses
the more fat you burn now here's what
you should do the instruction is easy
first stand up and push one leg forward
and the other back now strain your
buttocks and transfer your weight to
your back foot yes just like this slowly
start inhaling for three seconds lifting
your arms above your head then exhale
forcefully for seven seconds straining
all your body muscles perform this
exercise every day for two to ten
minutes and you'll be shocked with the
results and here is the bonus as experts
say this technique also will strengthen
your body muscles and increase
metabolism that's it
I'm going to try this right now
if you've already tried this exercise
don't forget to share your experience in
the comments below and if you're
visiting our channel for the first time
hit that thumbs up button and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Applause]